Shen, Sharon <sharon.shen@rbc.com>
Yeddu, Kranthi Kumar (CWM-NR) <kranthikumar.yeddu@rbc.com>
Tadathilplackal, Johnson Joseph (CWM-NR) <johnsonjoseph.tadathilplackal@rbc.com>

Business
Reporting statements - House
Regulatory requirement
Issuer and Custodian - Finacial Transactions

Perfomance/Regulatory consolidated reporting for statements
summarize

Clients
- Open Acct (Customer) - Bank Acct without investment counsellor
- Customer with Counsellor
- RBC IC /IA Investment Counsellor/Advisor
- Book Keeping System

Customer > Portfolio Mngmnt System > 

Custodian Management System
Portfolio Management System
Perfomance System
(FInancial Managment System)

-BroadRidge is third party from where get

Current System has 3 types of actors who require consolidated adn summarized reporting statments. Those 3 actors are-
- Bank Customer (without investment counsellor)
- Bank Customer with Counsellor
- RBC IC(Investment Counsellor) or IA (Investment Advisor)

Transactions data, trading and holding data of these customers get stored on below systems-
- Custodian Management System
- Portfolio Management System
- Perfomance System (FMC - Financial Management Control System)

Broadwage is third party book keeping system and FMC system's data gets updated based on data provided by Broadwage. 
It is very costly affair to get everytime data from Broadwage.

Fund Operator from bank consolidates customer specific data from 3 management systems mentioned above based on some 
predefined rules and stores it into sql database from where statement reports gets generated. 
These reports are scheduled to generate either everyday/weekly/monthly/quarterly.


Current Process Workflow:-
Customer > Counsellor > Bank > Custodian Management System / Portfolio Management System / (Broadwage >) Financial Management System > 
	Fund Operator > Apply Rules > SQL Database > Statement Reporting
	
Customer > Bank > Custodian Management System / Portfolio Management System / (Broadwage >) Financial Management System > 
	Fund Operator > Apply Rules > SQL Database > Statement Reporting
	
Portfolio Managment System does KYC abd details of customer - demographic data / asset management details
BroadRidge - Account transactions System 

(daily basis data flown to portfolio management system
FMC Pacer (Portfolio Accounting System)
FMC Perfomance Calculation System (Performance of Portfolio)

FMC Perfomance/Transactions System > Statement System (jobbs) > SQL Database

Printing and mailing is done outside RBC

Driver File is given to Symcore(Printing and MMailing company) 


1. How much time it takes to generate report? 24-36 hrs
2. What are the various rules operator applies to consolidate the data and store it into SQL database?
3. At what stage manual processes and paperwork are required in current flow? 

Customer > Counsellor > Portfolip Management System (Personal details for KYC /demographic data / asset management details)
> BroadRidge System (Transaction System) > Daily Batch Process > FMC Pacer (Portfolio Accounting System) > FMC Perfomance Calculation System (Perfomance of Portfolio - based on rules defined)
> Statement System (jobs to fetch transaction details from FMC to SQL Database > Statement Database > Jobs to generate driver file and send it to Symcoree for printing and mailing

6th March Questions:-
1. How KYC of customer is been performed in Portfolio Management System? Is it done by third party? Where id proof docs been stored?
2. If FMC and Ststement Systems work on data provided by Broadridge and Portfoliio Management System then can we eliminate these 2 systems?
3. If FMC and Statement Systems need to be eliminited then detailed understanding of these 2 systems is required.


How to get rid of symcor system?Business is paying huge money to symcor for printing andd mailing pdf.
Trade confirmations
Wealth Management 

7th March 2018:-
Use Cases
1.Client onboarding and profiling :-
2. Model management and trade order generation


Audit Trail:-
Rebalancing of Fund
Feasibilty of Softwares on RBC Environment

19th March:-
1. Data Purging - Cleaning / destroying of data so that storage space can be used for other use. Data which is not used by business
 processes can be purged.
 
 
Questions:-
1. Can we have detailed business workflow of current Fund level rebalancing system?
2. How many participants involved in the current process with their roles and responsibilities?
2. Is this process depenedent on any third parties?
3. Is there any manual processes involved?
4. Can we automate any approval(manual) flow using smart contract?
5. What are the pain points in current system? 
6. How we can solve using blockchain? (This can be formed basis on pain points of current system)
7. Which tool/system is been used for workflow management?

-- More secured - txn signing,cryptogrphy
-- Consensus - Each node will execute smart contract
-- Performance - will slow down
-- Robust and Disintermediated system - remove dependencies from other tools
-- Data Integrity (accuracy and consistency of data) - data stored on blockchain is secured and consented by majority of participants


Fund rebalancing - 

Fund Accounting
1. Get the details from other system and store into blockchain
2. "Fund Manager" adjust the trade details
3. "Fund Administartor" approves the details

21st March:---------
Hi Johnson,

Based on yesterdays discussion and with some of my assumptions, I have prepared workflow diagram attached in this mail.

I wont suggest to use blockchain for this use case just to get flavour of immutability and audit trail features. 

I am exploring various options so that this case study can become more relevant for blockchain. But it wont be possible without
detailed understanding of business workflow. 

Below mentioned questions will help to decide on applying blockchain for this use.

1. Fund Manager and Fund Administrator will work from which geographies? Are they part of same bank?
2. If I assume Fund Manager and Administartor belong to same bank then is there any other third party involved in this process?
3. Who is going to consume or use the adjusted data from Fund Balancing System? Are there any third parties or consumers referring this data?
4. Could "Auditor" become part of this network? "Auditor" will have only read only access and can pull historical data from ledger. 

Above questions will help to identify another participant(node). Assuming Fund Manager and Fund Administartor are part of same bank can be part of single node.

Below questions focus on use of smart contracts in this use case.

1. What are the business rules/validations that could be applied before dumping details from Accounting System to Blockchain Ledger ? (Smart Contract)
2. Is this a daily process to get fund details from accounting system to fund balancing system?
3. What are the adjustments been done by Fund Manager while updating fund details?
4. Which details Fund Administrator validates before approving fund adjustment details?
5. Automate the Fund Adjustment flow using smart contract.
		- Develop an api to get updated rates of fund
		- Fund Manager compares fund rates and submit the fund adjusted request.Smart contract compares updated fund details with fund rates 
		  fetched by newly developed api. This smart contract make sure that Fund Manager is not tweaking with the data.		  
		- Smart contract compares updated fund details with fund rates fetched by newly developed api will also get executed while Fund Administrator is 
		  approving the request.
	
	
3. Can we automate fund adjustment flow ?
	- Develop an api to get updated rates of fund (calling api and get rates is part of smart contract)
	- When Fund Manager logs in, he/she will be displayed old and updated rates on portal. 
	- If there is no change in rate then message will be displayed to Fund Manager.
	- If change in fund rates then Fund Manager will apply updated rates and submit the adjustments.
	- Rather than verifying rates on another portal this application will suggest updated rate.
4. Which details Fund Administartor checks and adjusts before approving adjustment request?
	- Assuming Fund Administartor checks the adjustment against updated rates from another portal.
	- Going with above assumption , Fund Administartor will also be displayed the updated rates using api developed in point 3 
	- Fund Manager approves/rejects the request and adds comments.
	
--  Another approach is to validate the adjustment done by Fund Manager or Fund Administrator against the rates provided newly 
	developed api. (Smart Contract)
	
22nd March
- Blockchain solutions involve a multiparty ecosystem and consortium kind of model.
- Storing large sized documents and/or data entities on blockchain is counter-productive as all nodes need to get synced up every time.
- One of the biggest roadblocks to onboarding of participants is the inability of consortium members to arrive on common rules of engagement
- Blockchain cannot and should not be seen as technology replacement only. The objective should be to achieve business process improvement and 
  efficiency
- Blockchains are great when multiple parties need to read the same information but for whatever reason there can’t be or shouldn’t be any specific 
  individual party in control of that data.
  
23rd March---
Hi Sharon,

Blockchain is distributed ledger technology and blockchain solutions involve a multiparty ecosystem and consortium kind of model.
As I mentioned in my previous mail use case with current requirements is not suitable to use Blockchain Technology.
In current use case Fund Manager and Fund Administrator are part of RBC bank and these users can become part of single node. 
To form a consortium we need at least another third party node which can build trust and transparency with the help of consensus.

If you can help by answering the questions I asked then we can may think of using Blockchain for this use case.

Is Fund Manager and Fund Administrator trust each other in current system?

Blockchain vs database:----
- Blockchains have a decisive advantage when it comes to providing a robust, fault-tolerant way to store critical data.
- Relational databases seem to have a decisive advantage when it comes to performance. 